the infinix note 40 Pro Plus is a brand
new phone with a secret hidden feature
on the back here's why it's an absolute
Game Changer starters this is a magnetic
charger so it snaps in place onto the
back of the case to make wireless
charging more efficient and quick but
unlike Apple's Magi this charger is also
a power bank so at any point you can
just uncp it take it around with the
phone wherever you go and you have a
total of 6,500 Mah hours of battery
capacity just above that there is the
active Halo when you do stuff on your
phone it reacts to it and that includes
your charging progress as well as
dancing to the music you're currently
playing being a better version of your
camera flash and when you're talking to
your phone's assistant it'll pulse to
mimic its words and that brings me on to
the assistant because here AI poers you
can basically ask your phone to plan
your entire holiday feed when you do run
out of juice multi-p speed charging so
when you plug it in it can start
charging Full Throttle at 100 W
literally 50% battery in 8 minutes so
then you can also tweak that charger to
favor lower temperatures and long-term
battery health